------------------------
Ingles
------------------------

What is Baland Designs?
We are a graphic design agency with workers that are capable to make any type of design you require.

How does Baland Designs works?
Working with us is really easy, when you contact us, you tell us as many details about what you need, you make the payment and we take care of the rest. Our team of workers is quite large to carry out different types of animations, designs, etc.

How does the payment work? What payment methods and currency do you accept?
We charge for each finished design / animation depending on its difficulty. As currency we only handle the US dollar. The way of payment can be agreed with the client, but generally it is through PayPal, because it is a platform that allows secure payments.

What kind of discounts do you have?
We currently have an incredible discount that will allow you to save $10 for a project that we do for you. You can earn them if you refer a person to our agency, the only condition is that your referral must complete a project with us. (the $10 are not cumulative and is $10 per person, not per project)

Do I have to pay taxes or some kind of fee?
No, we charge you only for the project.

Can you help me if I don't have a clear idea for my project?
Yes. We have managed a wide variety of projects, and we can provide you with an advisory to focus yours on what best suits your needs.

How long does it take you to make a project?
It takes about 3-5 business days. This time varies only if the project is highly complex, for example an animated video made from scratch.

Do I have any warranty about the project that you will make me?
We aim to represent your design or animation as accurately as possible, therefore we accept small changes to the final project. We do not make changes where many things need to be changed. If you want this, you must pay an extra stipulated by the agency.

What is the best social network to contact Baland Designs?
You can contact us through our official social media (WhatsApp, Facebook or Instagram) or by our email designs@balandcompany.com. You will always have the best service, insurance, guarantees and other benefits for you.